hey whats up youtube it's hodge here and
I have a little announcement for you all
the parts are in for the PC not only are
all the parts and but they are all
together yes my pc is done in fact let
me show it to you the cameras gonna get
a little shaky for a second just uh just
bear with me here I'm gonna bring it
around um that was really dirty but
here's the tower and on the side view
it's a mesh really like that could help
to pull in a lot you're probably hearing
a lot of extra noise and the reason
being is apparently the stock fan with
my cpu is horrendously loud I got the
just so you guys won't know a little bit
about the computer i know my monitors
all in my classes and I apologize for
that in fact we just take those off just
so you want to deal with that um it's
just so you know the specs of the build
processors AMD phenom 2 x6 6 core
processor that's the thing that's making
such a loud noise its stock fan is
apparently horrendous eight gigs ram
sapphire radeon HD 6870 graphics card
with a gig of video ram 500 gig hard
drive mostly because the price of hard
drives are ridiculous right now as far
as disks i just went for standard DVD I
don't really watch blu-rays on my
computer don't have an intention to
don't really want to so it's got DVD it
was cheaper you guys have seen the
monitor it's a 22 inch monitor LCD for
acer and as far as that i think that
might be everything that's really
pertinent in the computer build things
that make it tick so to speak however if
I said eggs around eight gram I can't go
to 16 but I have eight um
it runs games like butter it's fantastic
if you were worried about lag in my old
videos don't worry about it anymore so
that means that all the things that I
quit doing because of lag issues and
computer issues i can start back I
really only have like maybe an episode
or two left of sky cuboid and here's my
plan with that my mac is not working
well if I can salvage my saves and bring
them over to the windows computer then I
will finish up sky cuboid which is
really just tying up some loose ends
we're mostly done with sky cuboid as far
as the achievements what I can can't do
what I plan on continuing to try I just
want to spend the rest of that series
just aimlessly digging through the dirt
looking for the diamonds when i'm pretty
sure i've blown up some of them um that
being said i have a new idea for a let's
play it's gonna use the biosphere mod of
Risa galleys and I will be doing that
soon be sitting down to play that very
soon and Sims what we will restart since
I'm on the new computer I had to do a
reinstall the sims and I will be doing a
new sims let's play which you guys seem
to like except this time there won't be
any lag so you should like it even more
um I did get the older public so i will
be doing some videos with that actually
have a character that i started today
but he's at level five or six um do you
guys want to just see me randomly play
him or do you want to need to start a
new character just for Let's Plays and
such let me know about that in the
comments oh I have terraria again now
that I have the pc and so I plan on
playing some terraria maybe even bring
back our old terraria series which some
people really liked um as for other than
that like I told you have the two Grand
Theft Auto games
by sitting in san andreas you guys want
to see that let me know and as always
you know more ideas for games in the
comments I'm gonna put a link to my
steam profile since i'll be playing with
steam a lot more now down in the
description so you can find me on steam
um you know and hopefully I can I try
try to talk to people um just you know
use common sense if you try to talk to
me and I don't talk back I don't hate
you I don't want to ignore you i just
have stuff to do but i would love to be
able to connect with you guys on steam
so i'll put that down there in the
comments um as far as when videos will
resume it'll be very very soon i need to
get all my ducks in a row as it were
with this computer that means i need to
get editing software i need to learn it
because i have been used to using one
thing and I've got to change to another
thing so just bear with me videos are
coming soon I'm going away this weekend
but hopefully between now and this
weekend I can kind of get a command of
the computer maybe get some videos out
but it's not for sure um beginning of
next week videos will resume thank you
guys for being patient thank you guys
for helping if you get can be able to
get the computer you know I you guys
make make it happen and so thanks guys
I'm looking forward to putting out way
more content for you guys and hopefully
I can continue making quality content
even better now than ever before now
that I have a computer that can handle
stuff so guys it's been a crazy road I'm
so glad we're here and I can't even
begin to imagine where we're going but
you and me we're going to the top if I
have anything to say about it so thank
you guys for being incredible I don't
really say awesome but it's incredible
today thank you guys for being that and
I will see you very soon with some new
videos hang tight guys I love you all
and I will see you soon bye